 
 
Profile  
 
Toshendra Kumar Sharma,  
Founder  
Wegilant Net Solutions Pvt.Ltd.,  
Powai, Mumbai 76  
 
Education:  M.Tech (Network Security) IIT Bombay  
Experience in Cyber Security:  5 years  
Work Experience:  2 years Part time, 4 year full time  
Workshops Delivered:  150+ Workshops   on Ethical hacking & 
Embedded System (Including 3 IITs, NITs and many reputed Govt. and Private Colleges)  
Awards and prizes:  
 2 times Junior Scient ist Award by NCSC  
 Ist Prize in national level Robotics Challenge at IIT Bombay in Techfest 2005  
 14 First Prizes, 6 Second Prizes and many third prizes in programming & technical contest in 
many technical festival in engineering colleges of India  
 
RREESSEEAARRCCHH  AANNDD  AACCAADDEEMMIICC  PPRROOJJEECCTTSS  
 
Ettercap & ARP Poisioning  @ IIT Bombay  
 The project aimed to make a defense mechanism for ARP poisoning.  
 Project uses ARP Cop plugin  with slight modification for detecting the IP Change  
 
DNS & DNSSEC, Problems & Solutions  Seminar  @ IIT Bombay   
 Detailed analysis of DNS Protocol  
 Practical implementation on Kaminsky Attack using Metasploit  
 Vulnerabilities & Problem s in DNSSEC  
 Replay Attack in DNSSEC  
 
Attacks on Bluetooth Devices  @ IIT Bombay   
 
 
 Detailed analysis Bluetooth protocol  
 Practical implementation on Car whisperer  Attack  
 Vulnerabilities & Problems in Bluetooth  
 
Privacy locker 1.1 (Firefox Addon)    
 The Prim ary Objective of privacy locker was to lock the privacy contained menus of the mozilla 
firefox browser. The Locker can lock the three menus History, Bookmarks and Tools menu with 
a password.  
 Online link of the Addon is https://addons.mozilla.org/en -US/firefox/addon/10637/  
 
Minos: Control Data Attack Prevention Orthogonal to Memory Model  
 Micro -architecture for protecting against control data attacks  
 A substitute of AS/400 Technology  
 
SQL Injection Vulnerability in pkmotors.com  
 Found SQL Injection vulnerabilities in pkmotors.com  
 Found SQL Injection in tartanarmy.com  
 
 
XOM Based Protection against Software tempering  
  Hardware based  solution using eXecute  Only Memory for the software tempering  
 
Cold Boot Attack  [Presentation ] 
 Recovering encryption key of RSA from DRAM using cold boot attack  
 Dumping RAM in to USB Drive using SYSLINUX  
 Side Channel Attack  
 
3D G ame Development using Open source Game engine  
 This is a First Person Shooting computer 3D game with a Do or Die theme. The game has few 
Autonomous Enemy BOTs.  
 The Game has feeling like Counter Strike with nice environment and theme  
 The game was developed using open source technology:  
 Blender: For 3D Modeling  
o  Bullet Physics: For Physics  
o  Python: For programming  
 
  
 
Development of MATLAB Based Ball tracker Robot    
 The Primary Objective of the robot was to follow the ball while using USB web camera for 
takin g continuous images of the arena.   
 The ball was searched using MATLAB image acquisition and processing tooll boxes. These boxes 
helped in acquiring and processing the image for detecting ball.  
 Algorithm was to search for Hue, Saturation and Value rather than searching Red, Green and 
Blue after enhancing the image for better result.  
 
 
Worked on many tools and systems for exploiting the vulnerabilities in the software, network 
(LAN/Internet), applications   
 Metasploit  
 Ettercap  
 Nmap, Zenmap  
 Armitage  
 Nessus  
 Cybergate  
 BackTrack 5 R1  
 Software Engineering toolkit  
 Honeypot  
 Bluesnarf  
  Maltego  
 SQL Injectors  
 Tor Project  
 VPNs  
 DVWA  
 Wireshark  
 Crazycall  
 Smsglobal  
 Etc. 
 
PPUUBBLLIICCAATTIIOONNSS  
 
 Written and holding copyright of a Book “Robotics with AVR” under Robosapiens India 
Publications  
o Online link of the book : http://www.robosapiensindia.com/cookbook/  
o More than 1000 copies of the book have already been sold.  
 
 Writing another menuscript on Ethical Hacking under name Art of Hacking.  
 
 